You
I
Sorry I'm late ladies and gentlemen, this is gonna go on biological every night every day
You
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next
He's going on French British Italian Japanese television people everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing
Hey listen to this gang. Teenage sleuths solved bone hijacking mystery. Captain Cutler and his wife taken into custody by sheriff
That was some plan they had first spreading the phony story about cover and then stealing the yachts from the marina
That night on the beach color was storing extra scuba tanks in the graveyard of shit
Yeah, but like his diving suit got covered with that cookey glowing seaweed
And that's where the glowing ghost story came from
Well that closes the mystery
How did scuba do with that? I guess that's another mystery
Oh
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, this is the own biological since 20th of September 2023
I thought I'd take a look at an interesting
alternate player in the scuba doo
A very integral player in the beginning of the scuba doo actually part of laying down this spectrum of debate very early on in
2020 and I think we can learn something about drastic and about what drastic likely was
By thinking carefully about what we can show you in these first couple videos
I'm I'm really curious as to see looking back. I will affect you. Definitely affected me a lot
I think it's a really really cool. It's a really really cool look back. I'm supposed to have a sound effect there. Yeah
Something like that. I don't know what
Hello ladies and gentlemen hello
Welcome to the show. I'm fresh off of the set of
Brian Hooker's doctors and scientists podcast
So I surprised him by wearing his shirt that I got at the bus the other day and we had a really interesting discussion
Where I
Does that work? No that doesn't work
Where I drew a picture of the immune system and we talked about all kinds of things to do with the
Transfection and we had a really nice conversation. So I hope that's gonna be out
I don't know when that comes out. Does it come out tomorrow? Maybe I don't know
But when I find out what it is out, I will tell you that it's out
Please don't take the bait on social media. Don't take the bait on TV. It's gonna get worse
That's one of their plans right is to keep us endlessly endlessly divided and especially on our side now
The waking up of
As Vera said last night on Mark's happy birthday stream
the mamas have woken up and
There may be no turning back now and so the consequences of this could be quite severe and the question is how will the system react and
We can almost guarantee that they're gonna try and fragment us
So that there isn't one united front
With regard to vaccination with regard to health freedom
So I think we all have to really be aware that to a certain extent that message of don't divide is real
On the other hand we have to be very careful that we don't allow
Fake rather than grassroots
Manufactured rather than grassroots that we don't let
Installed people that have deep ties to the system that we were trying to break
That aren't posing as people who could be trying to help us but in reality might walk us right back into the wood jipper
And so I think it's really important and I was able to explain this pretty well on Brian's podcast that we realize that
The transfection is not immunization and that more importantly we come to the realization that any combination of chemicals that's inter injected intramuscularly is is a pretty silly way of augmenting the immune system
I would like to also encourage you to go back and watch the Twiv episode from the other day because the Twiv episode from the other day covers some of the more subtle nuances of antibody dependent
memory as it were and I think it's a really neat example of how you can have these five virologists talking about immunology and they can walk right past the elephant and not see it
They also talked about engineering of RNA viruses with CRISPR
They tried to make it seem like it was a pretty neat thing but they kind of glossed over the fact that in order for them to do any of the experiments that they did they were more or less just transfecting RNA into cell cultures and then looking for fluorescence
And the things that they were injecting there had to be only could be made through recombinant DNA technology converted to RNA and then transfected into those cells
So they're using the exact cloning technology that I came to realize about a year ago is the only way you could explain how a high fidelity full coronavirus sequence identical to a coronavirus sequence found in five or six other disparate locations on Earth could exist
It's because it had to be put there by clone
So we've had the way that we changed just been fundamentally inverted by people and the narrative on television combined with the counter narrative on social media
And the clever part of that is the idea that even if you think you're going against the TV there's still another safety wall and another safety wall here of narrative to keep you in and that's what all of these players have enabled
They have enabled the idea that people would come to the general understanding that yes you can be vulnerable to a novel virus and everybody can be vulnerable to it
They changed fundamentally the way we think about all cause mortality by making us not think about it
Nobody's been putting any of these numbers into context and in retrospect nobody's putting these numbers into context
If you said a billion people were going to die in March of 2022 by the end of this and you're off by oh I don't know a billion people then we have a pretty serious problem on our hands
If you said that antibodies were the reason why you needed to be worried about this virus and that antibodies were the only thing to think about
And you weren't let's say clever enough to teach real immunology based from antigen presenting cell to T cell to B cell then you were part of this
And if you didn't take the time to learn the immunology well enough to know that transfection isn't a form of immunization
And get to the point where you realize wow immunization is kind of a weird thing isn't it in Western society
The way that we protect it the way that is worshipped
And so all of these changes that they brought about were really mystical they were magical changes that enchanted everyone and they were laid down before the pandemic
So that when we went into this pandemic and the fear was ramped up and the confusion was ramped up and the doubt was ramped up
that everybody would accept these biological ultimatums and that would make possible some very serious serious iatrogenic murder
People being ventilated that could talk people given remdesivir when that may be good for nothing
Untreated secondary pneumonia and mass for a couple months three months a year depending on how long this and where he looked
Plus this idea of shutting society down which we can never let them do again
And so I believe that we have been brought into this with this very carefully sculpted narrative so it would feel like we were free thinking but we weren't actually free thinking
It would feel like people were really fighting in front of the Senate but they weren't actually really fighting in front of the Senate
It would feel like emails were being redacted but they weren't actually being redacted
It would feel like slack messages were being released but they weren't actually being leaked
It would feel like Pfizer executives were being filmed in restaurants but it's not really true
And so it's this kind of controlled narrative that has allowed us to feel as though we were solving the mystery that were teenagers sleuths solving the mystery
That was what drastic was all about was about getting a bunch of people together to create a momentum behind the scenes that could be blamed could be credited with the lab leak hypothesis
And that lab leak hypothesis is based on this idea that in the scientific literature pandemic potential has already been described in reviews and described in the introductions and the discussions of papers have to do with coronaviruses and bats
That have to do with passage of coronaviruses in cell culture that have to do with flu virus
Passaging in animals
And have to do with recombinant viruses in the laboratory
And all of these stories have allowed them to scare the living daylights out of us by pretending that they were covering up a lab leak
And we're so scared we're about to give up our sovereign rights over our bodies over our babies in the name of public health I guess
And so I've been trying to dissect the people map of this because I think that wittingly or unwittingly we've got to wake people up that can be woken up to the idea that maybe a lot of this mystery was a hoax
Maybe a lot of this biology was a mythology
And maybe the mythology started a lot earlier than 2020
And so that's what we've been working on here. I think the people in green are probably doing pretty well
I think the people in yellow might be able to be converted maybe I don't know possibly
And I think the people in red are so committed that I don't know what to say so I got to assume that they might be lost
Or I don't know what but we maybe can convert them to
But some way or another we've got to break out of this very limited spectrum of discussion that involves
There was a novel virus and that we had to do something and that the mRNA did something
Whether it's pushing the virus around now or whether it's saved people before
And it was getting a function so it could come again
We've got to push our way out of this trap
Because this faith is so limiting it will trap our grandchildren
This story about a novel virus that was released in 2020
So if you remember I was a mild-mannered patch clamp physiologist
I used to make recordings from two or more neurons at the same time
And see if they were connected
And I did that in mouse and rat brain slices
Very mundane
Niche work
Only you know you don't impress people with that at a coffee or at a
Dinner party very often
But I have publications that go back to the year 2000 or 2001
Maybe 2002
I've worked in Switzerland doing this. I've learned this from a guy by the name of Henry Markram
Who was actually the guy who was the head of the the blue brain project and the human brain project
I believe was it called the human brain project?
Anyway, it was a billion dollar a billion dollar ten year grant in the EU
It was very controversial
I'm not saying that that guy was some kind of super smart wizard guy
He was actually maybe a little a little smart and a little bit of sales money
He now works or he actually started the frontiers line of scientific journals
But there's no question he was a visionary in terms of thinking about how we could think about solving the problem of the brain
I'm not saying that he made tremendous progress in that direction
But he made a lot of progress in getting people to think big about trying to do that
And here's me building a rig in Norway or working on my rig in Norway
Where I had a co-authorship on a science paper and a nature paper and so it's like a nature neuroscience paper
It's just to say that I had a decent career. I mean I wasn't a
Flunky
And I came to
Pittsburgh kind of resigning to the fact that I was going to be a middle a middle guy
And I might not be the head of the department ever but I did I thought I deserved my own lab
I thought I could definitely have my own lab and so I was thinking I was going to write a grant and get some money eventually
And so I had this YouTube channel and on this YouTube channel
I was doing neuroscience and then I started on February 21st is my third ride where I was talking about COVID-19
And here I'm giving credit to Harvard to the big house because you know Harvard to the big house was the guy that
Oops, sorry about that that was here. I'm giving credit to Harvard to the big house because
It was his blog that really got me started on this and made me realize wow wait
That's right. They did enrich avian flu at Erasmus while I was there. That's a little weird
I know all about this stuff
And so it got me really fired up and I actually did lots of videos on it. I did one here this one on the bottom
I think is about
Yeah the proximal origin paper
And then a year later vanity fair
And the Newsweek and Tucker Carlson covered it
And if you listen carefully to what Tucker Carlson is going to say
He's going to say something about a guy by the name of Jamie Metzel
He's going to answer the letter to censor anyone on social media who mentioned the possibility of a lab leak
It can't be true the lancet says it's not true 27 eminent scientists say it's not true
Only a few scientists in the face of all of this dare to speak up
One of them was called Jill Dumanov
He formed a group of researchers called Drastic that's an acronym for decentralized radical autonomous search team
Something that all scientists should be
And so now what you see here is one Jamie Metzel who you heard that Tucker Carlson said was one of the founders
I think that if I had to just bet based on what I've read and logic
I would bet it's most likely this was an accidental leak
And so now what you see here is one Jamie Metzel who you heard that Tucker Carlson said was one of the founders
Jamie Metzel who you heard that Tucker Carlson said was one of the founding members of drastic and he was never in drastic
And the guy that he said did start drastic was a guy who joined drastic about a year after it was formed
And he was also not originally in drastic
So at the time the guy who actually started drastic or the Twitter account that actually started drastic is Billy Bo Stix
And if you know anything about Twitter if you start a direct messaging group
There's only one account that is the curator of who gets in and who gets out and that's Billy Bo Stix
So before drastic split in half
And before I spoke out about transfection I was still all on board with this is probably a lab leak
And then this story comes out a year later
And now I'm out of drastic, drastic is split
And they talk about this on Tucker Carlson
And they say that these two guys are the start of drastic
Now what's weird about it is is Jamie Metzel is not nobody
He's a former national security council staff member of the Clinton administration
It's a pretty trusted Clinton individual
And I think that's really really important in terms of putting him in place because if we go to Jamie Metzel
Before the pandemic and then go to Jamie Metzel about a year into the pandemic
I think we're going to see some very big parallels between people like him and Peter Teal
And Eric Weinstein and Brett Weinstein and Elon Musk
And everyone else who might call themselves a futurist
Which usually are subtitled like futurist transhumanist
So I've got a couple videos picked out here
I'm going to watch the one first that is from 2019
And then we'll watch the one from 2021
I might have to make myself a little tan here
Open any major news source and what do you see?
We see Trump, we see Brexit
But 30 years from now, 50 years from now, 100 years from now
People are going to look back at now and they're not going to be talking about Trump
They're not going to be talking about Brexit
What they are going to be saying is that now was the moment
When after 3.8 billion years of evolving
By the set of rules we called our winning evolution of random mutation and natural selection
This was the moment when our species took increasingly active control of our own evolution
Think about that for a moment, think about how profound that is
When Watson and Crick identified the double helix structure of DNA in the 1950s
What they were doing was identifying that the book of life had a structure
And the structure was the famous double helix
And with the fruition of the Human Genome Project in 2003
What we were doing was identifying that the book of life could be read
In the A's and C's and T's and G's of genetic code
And now at the dawn of the age of human precision gene editing
With tools like CRISPR we're recognizing that the book of life can be written
When we think about technologies that are readable and writable and hackable
We think about information technology
As a matter of fact we recognize the variability of our IT so much
That we have a built-in assumption that every new version of our iPhone is going to be better and stronger than the last one
And yet for some reason we think about our biology as being fixed
But why do we think that? Somehow we evolved from being single cell organisms almost 4 billion years ago to this
And we've only been homo sapiens for around 300,000 years
And yet it's all we know
But with these tools of the genetic revolution
We are going to be able to fundamentally transform our biology
So don't misunderstand what I'm saying here
This is a person preaching
He's selling a faith
He's not trying to convince you of what's real
He's trying to convince you of what's possible
And that's what's very very important to understand here
These people know that we're not there yet
These people know that we may never get there
But that's not the idea
The idea is to sell there as a destination worth aiming at
And that it's so worth aiming at that we can break a few eggs when we make that omelet
That's really what we're talking about here
And all of these people smiling with their perfect delivery in person
Go out to dinner after these presentations
And talk with the insiders about how this will be achieved
And it is not the kind of utopian sort of solution that you think it is
It is a malevolent application of us and them
And this, you know, the means justifies, the ends justify the means rather
And it is as malevolent as you can imagine
And this is going to create wondrous, amazing opportunities for us
Every time a young child dies of a terrible genetic disease
We recognize that as a crime against potential
But when a 90 year old gets dementia
That's a crime against potential too
Think of the investment that we have made in people
You have a whole life of developing your knowledge and your wisdom and your relationships
And when that goes away, we all suffer
And we are developing tools that are going to expand our humanity
Expand our potential and we need to welcome that
But we also need to recognize that there are dangers associated
With developing these Promethean technologies that are giving us powers
That in the past, we have attributed to our gods
What does Promethean hear mean? I believe it means
Isn't that the guy who like flew too close to the sun got it burnt?
Something like that, Prometheus was the guy who like went for fire
And then he flew, I think that's what it is, isn't it?
So it's like now we're gaining powers that we shouldn't have
Or powers of the gods, you know?
Crazy
Prometheus brought us fire, right? Okay, yeah, okay, sorry
The power to make and we...
Stole fire from the gods and gave it to the people
And that comes with the generous food to the sun
Thank you
Because the genetics revolution is coming very, very quickly
And we aren't ready
And in order to make sure that we optimize the incredible benefits
That are coming our way, we've got to be
So there are three key areas where we are all going to be feeling
The impact of this fundamental change
The first and probably the most obvious is in our healthcare
When people think about genetics now, they think about healthcare
For some very good reasons
But if this is genetics, it's going to fundamentally transform the entire paradigm of healthcare
But how different is this than what we heard Robert Malone say in that interview with
On the Tommy podcast
Where he was describing the fact that when he was in grad school
He thought that within ten years there would be a geneticist at every hospital
Using retroviruses to cure genetic diseases
And that's why he wanted to go into retroviruses
Do you remember this?
So if that's the case
That's really what we're talking about
How different is that than now?
What this guy's saying that in ten years genetics is going to cure genetic diseases
It's no different at all
They're talking about the same long distance destination
The same end of the rainbow
That Robert Malone was enticed by all those years ago
And we haven't gotten anywhere
Realistically with regard to actually being able to usefully augment that system
We have not
We're still just trying to find ways to augment it where it doesn't implode
And so far we don't have those
And that's the real truth of this
We have to come to, I think we have to come to terms with the fact that these people have been selling this
For a very very long time
And they're going to continue to sell it for a very very long time
Because the only thing they've got
Is that well if we collect the data
Maybe an AI will solve it
And so the solution is to collect as much data as possible from everyone
It's just
It doesn't have to be smart
It doesn't have to make sense
But this is the sales pitch
And it combines the mythology of AI
With the mythology of genetics
And the mythology of our mastery of biology
And the mythology of our mastery of protein folding
And the mythology of our ability to understand how it all works together
Right now, when you go see a doctor
You are treated based on the principles of generalized medicine
Meaning you are treated because you are a human with an end of about 7 billion
But that is going to change
Because as we were able to look under the hood of each individual human
Your treatment is going to be based on the individual biology of you
And that's why when you take a drug
It's not going to be a drug that works on average for humans
It's going to be a drug that works potentially for you
Based on specific knowledge of your own biology
So there you set it very carefully
It works potentially for you
Based on your specific biology and prediction made about it
It's wonderfully
Exactly on point for what Mark Koolak has been saying for a long time
Which is they want to go to personalized medicine
Because then they can't really test anything anymore
And so first they are transitioning to you to the idea
The transfection and transformation with adenovirus
Is potentially a completely safe and proven methodology
And so swapping in and out like a cassette
The RNA or the DNA that's in that gene application
Could result in endless different therapies
That could be specifically designed for you
Maybe we could create a gene therapy that would make your muscles grow
And your fat go away
Maybe we could make a gene therapy that would make your skin less wrinkly
Or a gene therapy that would solve any of the other myriad of problems
That could be solved in other ways
Nutrition exercise
But could also be solved with a gene therapy
With a transfection or a transformation
And if it's personalized for you and it doesn't work
Well, you know, that's the role of the dice
Personalized medicine will get better in the future
We should collect all the data we can
So the next time we do it, it's better
And the foundation of that biology will be your sequence genome
Which will be part of your electronic health record
So what's that going to mean?
Well, as more and more of us have our sequence genome
Our genome's sequenced as part of this transition from generalized to precision healthcare
We're going to have millions and more of us have our sequence genome
Our genome's sequenced as part of this transition
And generalized to precision healthcare
We're going to have millions, then hundreds of millions
And within 10 years, about 2 billion people will have had their whole genome sequenced
Are you surprised to hear him say this?
Because I've been saying at the end of every stream for about a year now
That's the whole reason
That they're running out of time to sample as many people as are available right now
And if they have their plan in a few generations, there won't be this many people
And if they have their plan in a few generations, we will never have this many people again
We're never going to make this mistake again
But as long as they're all here
And as long as they're not going anywhere for the next generation or so
Why don't we invert sovereign rights over our citizens
The sovereign right of our citizens into the sovereign right of the state over the citizens
The ownership of them
Their duty to the system
Like communism
Where your data and your medical data, you owe it to the state
You owe it to your community
It would be selfish of you to ask for anything for that
That's where we're going
They want databases and they want to make them available to as many people as possible
That can make as much money off of them as possible
And they want you to buy into it under the pretense that eventually it'll be all good for you too
Even though we're the only ones who ever have to pay into the system
Then with the genotypic information, what our genes say
And the phenotypic information of how those genes are expressed over the course of our lives
And using big data analytic tools, we are going to be able to decipher more and more of the secrets of the genome
And that is very quickly going to transform our healthcare from the paradigm of precision medicine
To predictive medicine
Right now, what we call health care is really sick care
You go to your doctor with a symptom
But maybe that symptom has been germinating in your body for 10 years, 20 years, maybe your whole life
And maybe when you go to see your doctor, it's so late in the process, your doctor can't do anything
But what if, when you're taking your child home from the nursery after just being born
The doctor says, here's your child, take him home, but just FYI
Your child has a 70% greater than average chance of getting early onset Parkinson's
Or familial Alzheimer's or type 1 diabetes
Right now, you say, oh my God, why are you telling me this? This is torture
But it's actually really useful information
If you knew that your child had an increased susceptibility to type 1 diabetes
Wouldn't you want to instill in him or her
A sense of, a series of habits of x
Now what you really need to hear here
Is that this is the mythology, this is the religion of p-values
It's the idea that we measured a lot of people
This is presumably after we measured billions of people
Right? That's the hypothetical here
Because so far we haven't
But if we measured billions of people, we had their genotype from the very beginning
And then we looked at who made it to the end of the line with and without Parkinson's disease
That billion, two billion people, we would have a much better idea of what genes
associate with the formation of Parkinson's
Much better than we do now
And hypothetically, as Jamie's trying to tell you, if we had enough of this data
Well, we'd be able to tell you it right from the birth
Just look at the genotype and then say, oh yeah, you have this, you have this, you have this
And it's based on this almost unquestionable data set
Or is it?
You see, the genetic variation found in the human population right now is so great
I think it's a problem that none of us can really fully get our minds around
And it's one of the reasons why I think in this race
In this mythological race that Jamie Metzel believes that America and West are involved in
That China is involved in, that Russia is involved in
That in this hypothetical race
Ethnicities that are more homogenous
Present an easier target for understanding how the genome works
And understanding how genetic disease manifests
The more genetically diverse your population is, the more alleles
And variations on those alleles that are present in your population
The more difficult it will be to make strong correlations between clusters of genes
Their expression and the phenotype that emerges 20 or 40 years later
And so I think one of the things that's been hyped in the back room with lots of really smart people
Is that the Chinese could be very far ahead of us
Because their population is so genetically homogenous relative to ours
And that genetic homogeny allows them to make great strides in identifying genetic weaknesses, genetic whatever's
That potentially could be repaired with genetic technologies
Now again, these are all hypothetical crazy ideas that I do not think we need to be worried about right now
But, from the perspective of Scooby-Doo-like stories
Stories that you need to tell people in suits in order to make them walk in the right direction
And type on the right page and sign on the right line
These stories are fantastic
And I think Jamie Metzel is one of these people who is like in between
The smart people and the bureaucrats
And so he often gives these talks where, you know, he's the one who gets to go to the science conference every once in a while
He's the one who gets to go talk to somebody, but he doesn't know much more than anybody else does
He's just able to play this role of a guy who's really fired up about the future
Really fired up about the future technologies, the future changes
The things that are just around the corner
You know, like when we have two billion people sequenced
Exercise and diet?
If you were at risk or your child was at risk for some terrible disease
Wouldn't you want to keep an eye on what progress was being made in treating that disease?
Wouldn't you want more tests?
If you knew you had a greater susceptibility to breast cancer at some point in the future
Everybody is going to want this information
But as we move toward universal sequencing
Our understanding of genetics and...
As we move toward universal sequencing, which means what?
It means sequencing every baby that's born
Genomics is going to move way beyond the realm of healthcare
And that's the second critical application will be through direct-to-consumer genetic information
That has nothing to do with healthcare
We don't have a disease genome
We don't have a healthcare genome
We have a human genome
And that means that as we understand the secrets of the genome
We aren't just going to understand more about our disease states
We are going to understand more about the essence of what it means to be a human being
Our most intimate traits the way our brains function
Our personality styles
Anything that has a genetic component
And there certainly are many traits that are mostly genetic and partly genetic
We will be able to increasingly understand the genetic component of those traits
So that's going to mean a lot
Because remember taking your kid home from the nursery with the information about disease risks
What if you have information that your kid has a better than average potential
At being amazing at abstract math
Or sprinting or having an outgoing personality
Will you send them to drama school because you have that information
How will that affect how we think about what it means to be a human being
How we think about parenting
And then the third and most profound application of these technologies
Will be in a fundamental transformation in the way that our species reproduces
Right now about two percent of children in the United States
Are born through a process called in vitro fertilization IVF
It's about ten percent in Denmark
And now when you have IVF, when a woman has IVF
These embryos, the pre implanted embryos
Can be screened for mostly single gene mutation diseases and disorders
Things like TASACs and sickle cell disease
Chromosomal abnormalities
And simple traits like hair color and eye color and of course gender
And all of that is in some instances controversial
But when we have more and more of this information about complex genetics
It's not going to be making selections based on just this limited information
We already have the ability to rank
Let's say, let's call them 15 pre implanted embryos
From likely tallest to likely shortest
Within about ten years we're going to have the ability to rank them
From likely highest genetic component of IQ
Now there he was again, in ten years we're going to be able to rank the embryos
Based on genetic component of IQ
Within ten years
Just like Robert Malone thought, within ten years we would be having a geneticist in every hospital
Using retroviruses to cure genetic diseases
And that was in the eighties
So forty years later
And so I would caution you very much
This guy is asking you to believe that a mythological concoction of data plus AI
Is going to give us the keys to the book of life
Make no mistake about it
He's using those words because he knows exactly how sacred the things that he's talking about are
The concepts that he's talking about are
And yet making fun of the idea that at some point there is a sacred complexity that you just can't cross
There is a sacred complexity that we don't understand yet
I'm going to sit here and say that we might not understand it in three generations
But when we come to understand it, it will be a much more humble realization
Than what is being displayed on these screens in the last three years
This arrogant malevolence
You need to see it for what it is because this is a guy, again, who served in the Clinton administration
Who's talked at a lot of these things
It says in the chat that he's a friend of Elon Musk
And maybe even was a guy who worked for PayPal or as an owner or whatever
So it's a real dude
That before the pandemic is talking about how we should be collecting the genetic data from everybody sooner or later
Exactly what we've been saying
And then before the pandemic, now during the pandemic in the first few months
Sorry, the first year Tucker Carlson blames him or gives him credit
For being one of the first people to speak out on the lab league
And Vanity Fair says that he's part of drastic, which he wasn't
What the hell is going on here?
The really weird thing is that Billy Bo sticks in, the guy who started drastic and we still don't know who he is
Foreign national, not foreign national, hell if I know, it could be Jamie Metzel
But he wasn't very upset that nobody in drastic actually got any credit in any of those articles
Extraordinary times, ladies and gentlemen, because these are the players
These are the actors
And it's not a few of them, it's many
Many, an army of people has been carefully hurting us along
I mean, I was just telling this to someone the other day, how many of you have seen the new plan to the apes movies?
Not the old ones, but the new ones
The new ones are about a virus
If you watch the first one, which maybe is called Dawn or Rise of the Planet, I don't know which one it is, I think it's Dawn
Rise, whichever one
The first one, there are six different references in the movie to antibodies and their ability to stop a virus
The second movie opens with a two-minute sequence where a virus is spreading around the world and kills all the people
They have been telling us this on the X-Files and on the Simpsons
And you know it because you've been seeing those videos being circulated
But they've also been telling it to us at fancy conferences
At big Google sponsored TED Talks
They've been telling it to us in secret meetings for all the bureaucracy of the United States government
And for the military and for intelligence agencies
They've been telling us this story about the coming technologies, the coming bioterrorism
The coming things that China is inevitably ahead of us on
Because it's all about data
And more and more and more and more data
And if your data set is really, really, really varied as a high degree of variability like America's data set does
And you need a lot more of it
Or alternatively, we could just wait until China figures it out, I guess
You see, these people know they've been making these stories up
They've been telling these stories and retelling them at campfires for two or three decades now
They're very good at it
It's very enticing to think that human biology, hell, all biology is almost at our fingertips
And there's no need to worry about fuddling with anything
Why don't we just destroy all the microbes in our soil? Because, you know, we don't need those
Why don't we just destroy all the microbes in our gut? Because we don't need those
Why don't we just start changing our stem cells? Because, you know, what's possibly could go wrong
To likely lowest genetic component of IQ
We'll be able to rank likely most outgoing
Again, it's not an entirely genetic trait
To likely least outgoing
You see where this is heading
We are touching the core of what has been the mystery of what it means to be a human being with these technologies
So there's gonna be no mystery anymore, you see? With these technologies
There is no mystery, meaning there is no sacred
It is a fundamental attack on everything that it is to be human
The whole reason why we had respect for everyone
The whole reason why human rights exist all vanishing now
We're nothing but programmable robots
They don't want you to think of yourself as being given a sacred gift
Being the steward of a sacred gift
Having some responsibility for a sacred gift that you were given
They don't want you to think that anymore
They want you to think that you're part of a much bigger thing
And you should surrender yourself to it
But right now, our ability to select embryos is limited by the number of eggs that a human female produces
I mentioned 15, which is the rough average
But what if you could have more?
And there is a technology that is already being applied to animals
Of taking an any adult cell, but a skin cell is often the easiest one
And so you take a skin graft
You induce those skin cells into stem cells
Using a process for which Shinyi Yamanaka won the 2012 Nobel Prize
So now you have, let's call it, 10,000 cells
That have been turned skin cells into stem cells
Stem cells then induced into egg precursor cells
And egg precursor cells into eggs
So now you have 10,000 eggs
And you fertilize them with the male sperm
Because there's about a billion sperm cells in every male ejaculation
And now you have 10,000 fertilized eggs
And in a machine you grow them for about five days
You extract a few cells from each
You sequence those cells and the cost of genome sequencing
Has gone down from about a billion dollars in 2003
To about 800 dollars now to negligibley within a decade
So that doesn't cost anything
And then you get a spreadsheet
And in the spreadsheet you have all of the options for your 10,000 embryos
And when you're starting with 10,000 you have a lot of options
How far can we go with this?
Well our ancestors who knew nothing about genetics took proud wild wolves
And turned them into yapping chihuahuas
Imagine how far we can go with the knowledge that we have
About how genetics works and how biology works
We can go a very, very, very long way
And on top of that, then we have these unbelievably power tools of precision gene editing like CRISPR
Many of you know that in 2018 a Chinese scientist
So I'm not really sure what to say about that last little bit
Because he was kind of equating breeding and selection with genetic editing
And it's just not going to work like that
It's really unfortunate but it's just not going to work like that
And it's too much for this presentation for us to talk about it
But it is the same kind of bamboozlement where this really enticing narrative about how we're almost there
And we're at the cusp of all these changes
It's the same narrative they've been telling us since the 80s
And the only thing that's come true
Is that it has become cheaper to sequence pure DNA
It has become easier to make pure DNA
And it has become easier to make pure RNA
That's all
Nothing else
And as long as they can make pure quantities of this stuff
They can do some limited things with it
But they can't replace selective breeding in animals
With genetic editing
They can't
And CRISPR has off target effects
So yes you can hit the target but you can also edit other places
So then what?
It's a bacteriologic set of enzymes that was a protective mechanism
And you're using it to edit mammalian genomes
And talking like it's super precise
Which I guess technically it is
But talking as though it does exactly what you want it to do
And you know that it doesn't
And you know that we're not at the cusp of figuring out how to make it not do that
And so it's extraordinary because
Even the editing of DNA with CRISPR
It's not the same as
I get really depressed because it is so sad
That people make such an attempt
To divorce us from what is beautiful about our complexity
What is beautiful about the pattern integrity that we are
We don't understand exactly at all
Even a tiny little bit
Of how a DNA molecule
Can somehow it seems
And code most of the data necessary
To generate and maintain
The pattern integrity that is a mammal
That is a plant
That is a reptile
That is an amphibian
We don't understand it
We have a general idea that this molecule contains codes
And some of those codes are for proteins
And that these pattern integrity are made up of those proteins
We understand that
That's like saying that I understand that my car has an engine
And the engine has moving parts that turn the wheels
And when you push on the pedals
The engine moves faster and the wheels turn
But can I really get in there and do anything about it?
Can I really get in there and
Usefully augment the function of my automobile?
Of course I can't
I can change the oil
I can give myself a sandwich
But I can't usefully augment the way that my immune system works
By injecting something into my muscle
And that's the way that they are planning to usefully augment
A human is injecting something into the embryo
Or injecting DNA into an empty embryo
Or maybe I guess editing babies
Which is ridiculous
And so this is just pure snake oil
In 2019
About the coming genetic revolution
The transhuman revolution
The futuristic revolution of biology
An unethical Chinese scientist, in my view
Was the first person to genetically engineer
Two little girls
So unethical? Well then what are you talking about doing?
And what stage will become ethical?
Any humans
And those children were born in October 2018 in China
But they terrified everybody with those humans, right?
Because we were right
The Chinese are way ahead of us
And they're so ahead of us that man, we better pull the brakes
We need to get rid of this freedom stuff
Because by the time we convince these people to give us their genetic data
The Chinese will rule the world
So it's time to do something
And this was a rogue scientist
But had he even not done what he did
Still, two years from now
Three years from now
We would anyway have had the first application of precision gene editing
To a pre-implanted human embryo
That would have been taken to term
We aren't going to be starting from scratch
And creating babies out of a computer
But we will be making small numbers of gene edits
Whether it's one, two, three edits
Five edits, maybe ten edits
I don't think that we're going to be making 1,000, 2,000, 10,000 gene edits
To a pre-implanted embryo within the next couple of decades
And what is that going to mean?
Because we are going to make changes
In most cases to eliminate terrible and perhaps deadly risks
And people have a gut feeling
Well, it's okay to eliminate risks
But we don't want to do things that feel like enhancement
But there will not be a clear boundary between those two poles
All of life will be in that gray area
Because it is all about perception
And these incredibly powerful tools will exist in the context of us
Of our communities, of our cultures
And we are all different within our societies
People have all kinds of views
Ranging from extreme people with strong religious views
Who have a strong aversion to quote unquote, playing God
To transhumanist biohackers
Who thinks it should be all systems go
And everything in between
People who are religious who have a version to playing God
And then biohackers who say gung ho, let's go
See, this is the dichotomy that's like the lab leak or the natural virus
They give you two bad choices
And then they want you to choose the middle road
You know, we're going to be real careful
We're not going to be crazy like these guys
But we're also not going to be silly like these God freaks
And so the dismissed sacred is gone from the discussion
The dismissed complexity which cannot be boiled down further
Is dismissed from the discussion as if it doesn't exist
And how will societies figure out how to balance those different desires and interests?
We're also different nationally
That there are countries that have strong geo-Christian backgrounds
That may have one view about the permissibility of messing with nature
Other societies may have different views
How do we think about sinking these different views?
And if that isn't hard enough
So what's the scary version of this talk?
The scary version is
That places like China don't have any ethics at all about this
So there are decades ahead of us
And if we don't fundamentally invert the way that our country thinks about this
We aren't going to fall behind
We're going to be left behind
And so we're behind schedule right now
We need to speed this up
And so the only way to speed this up is to set everybody on their heels
To reset everything
And to reset particularly new public health priorities
That in the end will allow us to prioritize the collection of medical and genetic data
Does that sound like a plan to you guys?
Because that's the only plan that I can come up with
That can compete with
Our rival over there that has all of our money
That has a genetically homogenous population
And complete control over it
What are we going to do about that enemy?
Well, if we're going to reach our transgenic goals
If we're going to reach our utopian future
Where we become God humans
Then I guess we better get the show on the road
Push the button, pandemic time
We're doing it in a world driven by extreme competition
We have extreme competition within our communities
I have a friend who is Korean and lives in Seoul
He has 12 students
I'm sorry, 12 tutors coming to his house
Every week to tutor his 11 year old girl
Korea has a law making it a requirement
That cram schools close every night at 10 p.m.
Because so many people were having their seven and eight year old kids
Stay out past midnight, seven days a week
Preparing for exams, they were going to take a decade in the future
When I asked my friend, if you could sort your pre implanted embryos
To give your future child a 10 to 15 point IQ boost
Would you do it?
He looked at me like I was insane
Like why would you even ask that question?
Obviously
And then I said how about everybody else who are the parents of kids in your school
And the look on his face didn't change
And that may be culture specific, subculture specific
But we have all of these different cultures
And people will have different desires
And if that's not complicated enough
What happens when different countries have different entire approaches
To using these technologies?
Imagine one country called the United States decides to opt out
Another country, let's call it China, decides to opt in
Because it perceives an economic or a competitive or other benefit
What would the opt out country do?
One thing you could imagine, they would say well
We've made our decision, you've made your decision
Let's see how it plays out and we don't know how it would play out
But people will be afraid of that because what if that other society has some kind of big advantage
That society that's opted out doesn't have?
What do you do?
So you could try to say well we'll try to build a global standard
Which is a great answer but it's hard to do
But what if you try to pressure that other country and they don't change?
Do you make it illegal for your citizens to procreate with people from that other place?
Do you use force to try to get them to stop?
Imagine all the crazy things humans have gone to war over in our history
Is this one?
I don't know, it could be
And the ethical issues around this are so deeply profound that they hit us all
What we are talking about is messing with very complex systems
We don't remotely or fully understand
There are equity issues who has access
Wait, he's just going to gloss over that, isn't that the most important part?
I don't know
But we've seen what happened when European powers, for example, had slightly better weapons
And slightly better ships than everybody else
It led to the colonial era
What will happen if there are real or perceived differences between people?
And diversity, we think about diversity as a great way to have better workplaces
And universities and universities
We think about diversity as a great way to have better workplaces
And universities and schools
But it's something much deeper from an evolutionary perspective
From a Darwinian perspective
Diversity is just random mutation
You could say if it weren't for diversity
We'd still be single cell organisms
But you'd be wrong
Because if we didn't have diversity
Those single cell organisms could never have survived
Once the environment changed
Because there's not good or bad in evolution
There's just suitability for a particular environment
And diversity is our investment in being ready for a future scenario that we can't predict
And we're going to have to make big decisions
Before we fully understand the long-term implications of the decisions that we are going to have to make
We now have a tremendous responsibility
But also a great opportunity
To bring our best values to bear
In shaping this technology that is going to shape us
And I invite you to join me
See, so you have no choice
Because the technology is coming
So you might as well step up and bring your best values to it
It's a really crazy thing to talk about right before the pandemic
And now here's April 1st, 2021
Kind of ironic
And a bear breakthrough innovation forum
And he's giving the keynote address at the beginning
Of course he's doing it via Zoom
With a funny green backdrop
Let's just listen to this
And then we'll, I'm going to take it as an evening
Because yeah, I already did that show with Brian tonight
So I'm a little bit more tired than usual
He's got a blue halo here
And bears are really good company
I don't know if you know that or not
But they make all kinds of things that make people really happy
I'm delighted to be here with you today
Because we are at a transition point in human history
And we are using our incredibly powerful new capabilities
Of the genetics and biotechnology revolutions
To renegotiate in profound ways our relationship with the world around us
Our species now has the increasing ability to recast the code of life
And the essential question that will determine our future
Is whether or not we can use this power wisely
Conversations like this are so essential
Because every one of us and all of our institutions
Have a critically important role to play in this process
To set the stage for where we are
It's important to understand the magnitude of this moment in history
When one of the greatest forces in the universe
Human creativity is being unleashed
100 years ago, 2 billion people lived on our planet
With a roughly 15% literacy rate
That means that around 300 million people
Had the opportunity to fully participate in the world of knowledge
Shared beyond their immediate communities
Today there are nearly 8 billion of us
With an 85% literacy rate
Meaning 6.5 billion people can share their ideas
Because we are networked with each other
Everyone can wake up every morning and solve new problems
Ending the wasteful redundancy of innovation our ancestors experienced
Because our technologies are super converging
With each technological revolution inspiring
And being inspired by all other technologies
The tools we are using to understand and interact with the world
Within and around us are improving at exponential rates
And because this change is accelerating
We must continually challenge the evolved practicality of our brains
To help us understand what's coming
We must, in other worlds, all start to think
A little like science fiction writers
Because we live in a world that will increasingly feel like science fiction
I would say that he's trying to encourage you to imagine a future that may not be
In order to change your behavior based on that mythology
Imagine a future that may not be so that they can change your future
Based on that mythology, that's what he's doing
And they've been doing this for decades now
Where we're just around the corner
We're going to be able to do everything we always dreamed of doing
And it'll be like an erector set but for humans
As exciting as this all is
It can also be unsettling
Not least because it feels unnatural to many people
But we need to remember that much of what we call natural is not fully natural
At least as experienced by our ancestors
Our distant ancestors never went hiking in the woods for fun
Because the woods were full of dangerous predators
They wouldn't recognize almost everything in our supermarkets today
Including almost all of the fruits, vegetables and animal products
So the issue for us in our world engineered by our ancestors
Using the technologies of their day
Like the then radical biotechnology of agriculture
Is not technology yes or no
But technology how best to benefit humanity and our world
We also need to recognize that while healthcare is a critically important driver
Of our application of our new genetics and biotechnology capabilities
This revolution extends far beyond healthcare
We are moving from a paradigm of generalized medicine
Based on population averages
To our new world of personalized or precision healthcare
Where interventions are made, were not made
Based on a far deeper understanding of each person's individual biology
But collecting genetic and broader systems biological information
As part of our transition to precision medicine
And placing those data in ever larger and more usable databases
Along with other biological and life information
Will allow us to use our increasingly powerful tools of AI and machine learning
To begin to crack the code of complex life
Ta-da! Let's hear that again
More use of our transition to precision medicine
And placing those data in ever larger and more usable databases
Along with other biological and life information
Will allow us to use our increasingly powerful tools of AI and machine learning
To begin to crack the code of complex life
We'll never understand it perfectly
But even our imperfect knowledge will shift us toward a more predictive model of healthcare
But it'll shift our knowledge to a predictive model of healthcare
It's snake oil ladies and gentlemen
They've been doing it for a while
But they're amping it up now because the pandemic allowed them to do it
They took the reins of all these industries
They changed all these industries
They put a lot of things out of business
And shifted a lot of this intellectual property space around
Health and in many ways life
Our goal will be to optimize and then expand our biological possibility
With continuous feedback loops guiding precision interventions at the optimal times
We'll move from our current system, which we call healthcare
But is all too often symptom based sick care
To a newer model of prediction and prevention
But as I said, the genetics and biotechnology revolutions will
And must extend far beyond human health
They are already leading us toward very significant
And badly needed changes in how we do agriculture
The green revolution of last century
Is what made it possible for us to go from 2 to 8 billion humans so quickly
But its reliance on chemical fertilizers and engineered water systems
Is simply not sustainable in our current form
As our global human population grows toward an estimated 10 billion people
Chemical fertilizers today account for 2% of energy use
And 1.5% of greenhouse gas emissions
Not to mention the impact of runoff to sensitive aquatic ecosystems
We are reaching the limits of sustainable land and water use
For the course we are on
Clearly we need to increase yields
While lowering agriculture's environmental and climate footprint
Our new tools, like the ones leaps is championing
Promise to do just that
By doing things like manipulating the microbiomes in plant roots and soils
To massively decrease the need for fertilizers and pesticides
And generating crop varieties that can thrive
And highly populated parts of the world
Where climate change induce warming
And groundwater salination
Are threatening current crops and human survival
Of course this is
What I find so extraordinary about this is that
Agriculture is pitched as the thing to fix
Agriculture is pitched as the broken thing
It's nothing to do with any other industry
Nothing to do with any other industry at all
And it's extraordinary because there's obviously other industries in the world
Besides agriculture
We're not talking about mining
We're not talking about refining
We're not talking about a manufacturing of goods
We're not talking about manufacturing of batteries
Or anything like this
We're talking about the environmental impact of agriculture
I mean it's extraordinary really because if you think about it
Of all the fires that are burning in the world
Of all the pollution that's happening in the world
This guy is talking about working on agriculture
Not
It's extraordinary
Not all about new technologies
We also need to invest in helping traditional agriculture
Become more sustainable and scalable
The question is not technology either or
But how best?
Our value chains will only be valuable if they are sustainable
The incredible economic growth we've seen over the last 150 years
Has depended on levels of extraction that are not infinitely scalable
To grow economically in ways that don't decimate our planet
We must shift our natural resource acquisition model
From cut down and dig up to grow
Using precision fermentation from genetically engineered yeast, algae and bacteria
And other approaches to do what nature already does
Build from small to big from the recipe of code
This is the revolution of biology plus biology-inspired human engineering
Where we can grow plastics, woods, fabrics, industrial enzymes
And many of the other raw materials we need
McKinsey estimates that 60% of all physical inputs we need
McKinsey estimates that 60% of all physical input materials we need
McKinsey estimates that 60% of all physical inputs to the world economy
Can be disrupted in this way
DNA data storage is another important area where we simply must think differently
Using these new tools
We are today on the verge of generating far more data than we can store with our current technology
But DNA is the ultimate data storage mechanism
Honed over billions of years
It's a million times denser than silicon and can be stored for over a million years
New frameworks for DNA data storage and computing
Have the potential to be an important foundation of our information future
Of course there are significant challenges of science, cost and scale
In all of these areas which must still be overcome
But human creativity is essentially infinite
While most of the existing natural resources on our planet are finite
There are also very real potential dangers which must be acknowledged and addressed
Our technologies do not come with their own built-in value systems
It's up to us to ensure that our most cherished values guide the application of our most powerful technologies
Because what we are talking about here is manipulating complex systems we don't fully understand
Which requires almost limitless humility
If we are not in
It sounds like the same thing that he said at that TED Talk four years ago
We are talking about manipulating complex systems that we don't understand
And it requires the utmost humility
It's a really incongruent circular reasoning statement there
It's like what?
I mean
It's sacred
You know cheating on your wife has to be done very carefully
Because you can really hurt her feelings
That means that you don't think your marriage is sacred
You can say my marriage is really sacred, my marriage is really sacred
And if you cheat on your wife you should be very careful because you might hurt her feelings
Then you don't really believe that your marriage is sacred
And if you say that this is a complex system and we have to approach it with the utmost humility
But we are going to be collecting all the data and editing people and editing babies
And changing the soil
And editing crops and all this other stuff
Then you don't think that this is a complex system and you don't have any humility
It's frustrating because that's what you hear in these talks
If you can hear the words and actually understand what he is saying
Because a lot of times they don't make sense together
You hear people saying incongruent things
My marriage is sacred, my marriage is sacred
If you cheat on your wife be careful because you might hurt her feelings
We're going to do this, biology is this, we're going to become gods
We can change DNA, we're going to be able to rewrite the book of life
It's a complex system and we have to have the utmost humility
These statements are not congruent
They're lies, they're enchantments
They're designed to bamboozle the people that are hearing them
And designed to make these people unable to compute anymore
Just to accept what's coming
As long as I get to go to the dinner tonight I guess this is fine, I'll clap for this
I got invited to this Zoom meeting, I guess that's great
Their salaries depend on them not realizing that this is a hoax
That this is a elaborate sales pitch
That's never going to come true
Certainly not in these people's lifetimes
Within 10 years nothing is going to change
Nor amously careful
And even if we are, we run the risk of limiting the diversity of life
Which has always been the foundation of resilience and survival
Given the power of these technologies, their uneven application could supercharge the massive equity challenges
We already face across the globe
But we need to recognize that maintaining the status quo also carries with it
Existential risks, climate change being only one
There's a danger in not investing in healthier lives for ourselves
Our loved ones and the people around the world
In not seeking a more sustainable future for our planet
In not beginning to imagine alternative long-term futures for our species
When we know this planet will not always be habitable
But to increase the odds that we use our technologies to help us
Individually and collectively
And not undermine us
We need to recognize that this is not ultimately a conversation about science
But about values
Ethics is not what we do after we've developed a technology
But a framework we must integrate into every aspect of our work from the start
And so really what he's talking about is that we didn't have ethics before
And we need ethics now
He wants you to make you think that this is an open tablet
This is something that we can decide on now
There's no previous precedence
We don't have to think about informed consent
We don't have to think about all these concepts like beneficials
We don't need to think about that stuff
This is a new age
So we gotta have a new book
A new ethics
It must be at the core of all processes, products and interactions at every stage
To do this
We need to recognize our responsibilities as builders and shapers of that larger story
Even if we are each only touching a small part of it
We need the strongest possible governance
Interesting way to put that
That's very much what I would think was said to a lot of the people that are on the
coronavirus novel, virus narrative
Is that it's important that we all stay
What did he say?
Count of builders are each only touching a small part
And shapers of that larger story
Recognize our responsibilities as builders and shapers of that larger story
Recognize our responsibilities as builders and shapers of that common story
Is that what he said?
Recognize our responsibilities as builders and shapers of that larger story
Even if we are each only touching a small part of it
Even if we are only touching a small part of it
Can you imagine that message being delivered to people at the beginning of the pandemic
Telling them that I know you want to fight and I know you want to speak up
But it's important for us to be all on one page
It's important for the country
It may be important for the world
And we need you to help us
And if you do, it could be a lucrative sub stack
It could be a lucrative supplement company
We can think of lots of ways that we can provide comfort for you
If you go along with this
You don't have to tell lies
Just don't tell them that
We need the strongest possible governance and accountability frameworks
In our companies, universities, governments and international organizations
Dynamic processes for public-private partnerships
As well as systems for exploring and sharing best practice
We're talking about taking public money, making private business
making private intellectual property
And having new ways of governing it on a global scale
That's why he talks about how some people, some societies
Don't mind this at all
Other societies have a big problem with it
As somebody said in the chat, this is a globalist here
All futurists are globalists
They think that we are eventually going to come together under one church
And have one world government with one world currency
And those people also think transhuman wise
We're going to have this command over our biology
Or at least we should reorganize so that we can collect the data
That will eventually give them to the AI and give us command over our
Over our biology one day
That's what they all believe
And this is one of their high priests
Or at least middle ground priests
Frameworks in our companies, universities, governments
And international organizations
Dynamic processes for public-private partnerships
As well as systems for exploring and sharing best practices
We need to think differently about public education, empowerment and engagement
By working with radical transparency
By supporting ongoing and multi-directional public dialogues
Where we are really listening
And where what we hear has the potential to impact directions going forward
We need inclusive and respectful processes
That optimize positive societal and global outcomes for all
I wonder if I could take this
And write my own speech that just says nothing
But comes close to saying something about biology
Because this is extraordinary
It's almost hard to listen to
I know this is a very tall order
But it's not just about where we are going
But how we get there
Because we are on the verge of an incredibly exciting future
If we can have the wisdom and foresight to build it
And building that better future is up to each and all of us
Thank you
That's what we're talking about here
Ladies and gentlemen is some real nonsense
Some real real nonsense
And it is a consensus agreement on this nonsense
It's gotten us here
I can't stress enough how important it is to realize that
This story
Oops
This story of a novel virus
Is a story that
Was told on pretense
For a very very long time
And many many secret meetings
In the beginning of movies
In the X files
In Simpsons
In every
TV series
That you can imagine
They probably had something to do with
A pandemic
An epidemic
A breakout
Anybody's viruses
And none of the most of those
If not all of them are not innocent
Certainly the
The plan to the apes rewrite is not innocent
And if you start to see it that way
Then you can also start to see these more
Recent additions to the real
Play on the street
The real play on social media
You can see that this has been scripted
For a very long time
This is Robert Malone
And the original press secretary of Donald Trump
On a podcast talking about a lab leak
You can't possibly believe this is the real
Random world of humankind
You can't possibly believe this is anything
But
A elaborate scheme to govern us
Because it most certainly is
An elaborate scheme to govern us
The illusion of consensus
Medium turkey chili
It is an illusion of consensus
That keeps you believing in a novel
Virus that keeps you believing in an RNA
That keeps believing in
Again of functional viruses
Because everybody else does
Excuse me, I think you forgot my bread
Bread, two dollars extra
Two dollars, but everyone in front of me got free bread
You want bread?
Yes please
Three dollars
No soup for you
It's an illusion
And if you remove the illusion of consensus
You can start to see it for what it is
You might still be funny
But you're not told when to laugh
Medium crap best
And the lab leak story might be real
Or a version of it with clones might be real
You didn't get any bread
Just forget it's not as scary as you were told it was to be
Because
If you were not told to be scared
This would not have happened
Bread, two dollars extra
If you were not told to be scared
This would not have happened
If doctors were not told to be scared
And that's what Denny Rancors
That's what Denny Rancors data shows
That's what this shows
Because without the illusion of consensus
In the form of track laughter
Even Seinfeld isn't as funny as it used to be
And with regard to the 20 years of consensus
That has been created around the potential for coronavirus
To pandemic
Around the consensus of the last 20 years
That we've had previous close calls
With pandemics
And over the last 20 years
This consensus that there's ever growing danger
Of laboratory leak
And gain a function virus
Is coming from ever increasingly cheaper
Bioterrorists
This is also something that has been created
As a consensus in secret meetings
Behind closed doors
For more than a decade
And so with this ongoing consensus
Behind the scenes
This ongoing consensus
Reinforced by salaries and subsidies
Encouragement, fame, etc
You have a whole army of people
Arguing on both sides of the narrative
Lab leak or natural virus
And none of them are talking about
PCR fraud anymore
None of them are talking about
What was done with PCR in 2020 and 2021
Masking lockdown
The lack of data for spread
The Jessica Hockett has been showing time and time again
It's just not there
The evidence for this phenomenon is not there
But plenty of people were killed
Plenty of people were frightened, confused
And ran around with doubt
For more than a year and a half
Because people like Brett Weinstein did
Because people like Sam Harris insisted
Because people like
Eric Fingal-Ding
On Twitter exist
Because Kevin McCarran said
There was going to be a billion people dead
Because Paul Catrell said
We needed a smash to curve with 60 days locked down
Because George Webb was on 60 minutes
Saying that it was a lab leak or a bioweapon
Lee released by
The Chinese at the Wuhan Games
And brought back to the United States by an Air Force
Lady
That's why we're here
Because the worst case scenario
Native narrative was seated
And because none of this stuff was talked about
And it's still not talked about
And that should tell you all you need to know
So they misled us about pandemic potential
And laboratories and in nature
In order to invert our human rights
Might have been a
An infectious clone that was used to see
That sequence around the world
And if you need
That sequence to be responsible
For respiratory disease and other illness
Then you just make more of it
And so like I said million times
This is a crime scene
I'm just calling 911
I don't know exactly what happens
I don't know who all the bad guys are
But I'm telling you a crime has been committed
Please send the police
Or we're going to lose our human rights forever
That's what I believe
And so yeah we are
In the midst of this
Thing where I think instead of scenario
One through three
Which is laboratory or bedcave zoonosis
Where the earth is clean
In the beginning here
And then gets dirty
I think it's a conflated background signal
And they may or may not have added to it
In order to control it better
They may or may not have added to it
In order to make it cleaner or higher fidelity
But they didn't have to do that
Because the vast majority of this
Was created through PCR
And conflated background signals
All PCR needs
And so it doesn't matter
If it's an endemic background coronavirus
The protocols for murder and transfection
Is not medicine, it doesn't matter
If it was an infectious clone release
It doesn't matter if it was a transfection agent
Or a combination of all of the above and more
The protocols remain murder
And we're conflating background signals
With these stupid diagnostics
And so that's why no viruses
Is inadequate
That's why it's just inadequate
This is where we are
Protocols of murder and transfection
Was not, it's not
Will never be medicine
These people misled us
They continue to mislead us
Because they keep on the narrative
There wasn't a virus
We had to do something
The mRNA worked for a lot of people
And it's again a function virus
So this will probably happen again
You got to understand how you respond
To a respiratory disease
And I explained it pretty well
At the end of Brian's talk today
So hopefully that podcast will come out soon
And you can see that
But you've really got to learn
About all cause mortality
And put these numbers into context
In America between 2.7
And 3 million people die every year
In the best year
And that's somewhere between
55 and 65,000 people a week
Get your head around that
When they tell you that
500 people died of COVID this week
Or that 300 kids died this year of something
Get your head around that
50 to 60,000 people a week
Is very normal in America
Get your head around
How your immune response really works
And how it is a balance
Between the intolerant T cells
And the intolerant T cells
Get your head around the idea
That there's one contiguous barrier
That your immune system defends
And it's the barrier between
Inside and outside
And there's outside in the tube
That goes through your body
And that outside is also defended
From the inside
By your immune system
And learn why
Transfection is not immunization
Please
And learn why
Intramuscular immunization
Is also probably a pretty dumb idea
That we've outgrown
Because our biology
That this
Jamie Metzel is talking about
Means that we've outgrown it
We've outgrown
Injecting toxic chemicals
And recombinant proteins
Into the muscle
In an attempt to augment the immune system
We can do better than that
And it's not transfection
But changing our mind about this stuff
Allowed the pandemic to happen
And allowed protocols
In treating normal
A pneumonia
And normal
Old people problems
Got treated
Completely differently
Like a highly contagious
Deadly respiratory disease
Based on a PCR test
And financial incentives
To pay attention to it
They rolled out Remdesivir
And gave it to people
For what?
Remdesivir
Everybody that was given Remdesivir
And died was a murder
And didn't die got lucky
And all of them should be
Reimbursed for the damages
That they were
It's a poison
There was no reason to believe
That Remdesivir would help these people
From whatever was out there
Especially if nothing was out there
Ladies and gentlemen
We've got to come to terms with this
This is a real real problem
This is not just like we gave a
Maspurin and Aspirin didn't work
We gave them a poison
A Dazzalam was effectively a poison
The way it was used in the UK
Not giving people antibiotics
When they have a secondary pneumonia
It's basically poisoning them
Come on guys
So that's where we are
I'm going to run that by one more time
And that's why I showed Jamie Metzel
Today because you know
I think one of the stories
They've been telling in the back rooms
Of these meetings
Is that we don't have much time guys
We've got to change these people's minds
Right now because if we don't
If we don't change their minds now
We're going to miss this peak
This peak availability
Of the most genetic variations
Of the most examples
Of human genetics
And human phenotypes
That we're ever going to have again
Think about it from the perspective
Of Go or Chess
And how AI solved that problem
It solved it by playing millions and millions of games
And every one of the humans on the planets
Is one game of the human game
And so if you want many many many many many many games
To feed to your AI
So that the AI can figure out
How to win the game
And you've got to give it
Many many iterations of the game
That's why they need genetic code
And all of the biological data
They can muster from every human being
They can get
Because they don't know how much data
They're going to need before the AI will go
Okay, no, I get it
And as we heard
And learned from the
AI winning at Go
The moment the human played
Rather unorthodox
Than the Go machine
Lost all of its powers
And so there's a very very good chance
That the first 10 solutions from the AI
Will be close
But no cigar
And in the end this will be nothing but
A mythology
Run all the way out to the threads
All the way out to the threads
Because this is not the way
This is going to work
This is not the way it's going to happen
It's not the right way for humans
To go forward
In a hundred years
Everybody that's alive is going to be dead
And there is no
There is absolutely no chance
Of us
Usefully augmenting a human
So that's not the case
And the only people that probably have a chance
Of living out
This next hundred years and longer
Are little kids that are
Vaccinated right now
And will not be in the future
The fearfully and wonderfully made
Little children
That are not vaccinated
Those are the ones that are probably going to live
The next hundred years
Everybody else is going to be dead
You can find me at giga-home.bio
Still trying to convert
I'm really not on social media anymore
And I think it's good
I think I'm getting on stream every day
And I think that's a better thing to focus on
Thanks very much for joining me
I hope you enjoyed it
I need some sleep
Transfection is not immunization
Any combination of chemicals
Injection intramuscularly is probably
A dumb idea as far as
Augmenting the immune system
You heard it here
Stop all transfections
Because they're trying to eliminate the control group
I think I'm going to do a broken science video
Greg just put out a new
A new video podcast
I think I'm going to watch that tomorrow
Big shout out to Greg
Check it out if you want to check it out
A little really broken science initiative
Thank you
Thank you for joining me
Thank you for joining